select:The size of the tmp buffer can be configured. In large memory scenarios, controlling the size of the temporary buffer allows for more efficient use of memory (#6851)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmalert-tool](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert-tool/): add `-external.label` and `-external.url` command-line flags, in the same way as these flags are supported by vmalert. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6735).
* FEATURE: [vmbackup](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackup/), [vmrestore](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmrestore/), [vmbackupmanager](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmbackupmanager/): use exponential backoff for retries when uploading or downloading data from S3. This should reduce the number of failed uploads and downloads when S3 is temporarily unavailable. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6732).
* FEATURE: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/): do not allow enabling `-stream.keepInput` and `keep_metric_names` options together in [stream aggregation config](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/stream-aggregation/#stream-aggregation-config), as it may result in time series collision.

> * FEATURE: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmselect/): add command-line flag `-search.tmpBufSizeBytes` to allow configuring tmp file memory size to use memory more efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmselect](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmselect/): add command-line flag `-search.tmpBufSizeBytes` for configuring size of in-memory buffers used by vmselect during processing vmstorage responses. See this [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/6851) for details. Thanks to @tydhot for implementation.
```
